
# Changelog

## v1.7.0 (2022-10-14)

### Features

  * Added `build:watch` script to `package.json` files generated by the `create-full-app` command.

## v1.6.0 (2022-10-03)

### Features

  * Added `dev` and `start` scripts to `package.json` files generated by the `create-full-app` command.

## v1.5.0 (2022-09-08)

### Features

  * Added support for static assets.
  * Added `urlForAsset` method to `Context` class.
  * Added `assetDir` property and `assetPath` method to `Static` class.
  * Added `assetTag` helper.
  * Added tag attributes to `scriptTag` and `styleTag` helpers.

## v1.4.0 (2022-08-15)

### Features

  * Added support for embedding mojo.js applications with `mountPlugin`.
  * Added support for rewriting `ctx.req.path`.
  * Added support for relative paths with `ctx.req.basePath` to `ctx.urlFor`.
  * Added `app:warmup` application hook.

### Bug Fixes

  * Fixed a bug where trying to consume a request body more than once would not result in an exception.
    ([@marcusramberg](https://github.com/marcusramberg))
  * Fixed types to allow for generics to be used with forms, like `const {foo, bar} = form.toObject<MyData>()`.

## v1.3.1 (2022-08-13)

### Bug Fixes

  * Fixed types to allow for generics to be used with JSON, like `const {foo, bar} = await ctx.req.json<MyData>()`.

## v1.3.0 (2022-08-03)

### Features

  * Added support for hiding developer commands from the command list (can be included again with the `--show-all`
    option).

### Bug Fixes

  * Fixed `app.validator.schema()` to throw an exception for invalid schemas.
    ([@carragom](https://github.com/carragom))

## v1.2.0 (2022-07-16)

### Features

  * Added support for intercepting the command line interface with the `command:before` hook.

## v1.1.2 (2022-06-30)

### Bug Fixes

  * Fixed a bug where the `app:stop` hook was triggered too early with the server command.

## v1.1.1 (2022-06-29)

### Bug Fixes

  * Fixed a bug where `TestUserAgent` would not reset the DOM cache in between requests.

## v1.1.0 (2022-06-29)

### Features

  * Added UNIX domain socket support for user-agent and server (HTTP and WebSocket).
  * Added `app:start` and `app:stop` application hooks.
  * Added `suggestedMethod` method to `Route` class.
  * Added `buttonTo`, `checkBoxTag`, `formFor`, `inputTag`, `radioButtonTag`, `submitButtonTag`, `textAreaTag` and
    `textFieldTag` helpers.
  * Added support for `urlFor` options to `linkTo` helper.

## v1.0.0 (2022-06-20)

First major release. This package strictly follows [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org).
